Character Library

Characters are run by functions within the chr_lib.sh. Almost all of the functions in this library are characters but there are
character support functions as needed too. Focusing on the character functions in general and will later expand to unique
settings found in specific functions. Here's a list of things that should be included with every character are listed below with
a description of the object and it's implementation.

Before we get to far it is necessary to show how characters are put together to help you build these characters correctly.
First, characters are created based on the level of the map where they are produced. This is done exponentially where health is
equal to 2^level. The first level 1 is 1 and 2 is 4. Level is always a reference to the map level as there is no other type of
level in the game. To keep it a challenge later in the game energy is the same value times 2/3. This has the effect of preventing
player characters from scaling too fast and keeps fights a challenge.

Health - This is your characters health where they start at some value and then once at zero when they will be dead.

Energy - This is the pool that NPC's and you get energy for special abalities from. It doesn't matter what kind of character
is being used magic, ranged, fighter, etc they all use energy for special abalities which scale at 2/3's the rate of health so
that the character will spend a couple of levels with only 1 point of energy before it doubles. This can and should be adjusted
for more difficult NPC's.

Speed - this is the rate at which a character can travel excluding all other effects and travel abalities. Speed is a whole number
value that scales in a linear fashon starting at 1 then on level 2 it would be 2 * 1/3 which is still 1 and will remain that way
until about level 5 when it increases. The only advantage this grants NPC's is that when they travel faster more of them can find
the player faster which can become quite a problem when a lot of them locate the player at the same time.

Skill - this value dictates bonuses given to the basic attack which is small, level * 1/10. Basic attack is not meant to scale
quickly for any character.


